##########################################
Illlumina HiSeq 2500 System Specifications
##########################################

*******************
Temperature Control
*******************
Flowcell temperatures are controlled by a combined peltier (ΔTmax 50 °C) and
liquid cooling system within the stage.

***************
Liquid Handling
***************
Liquid is pulled through the flowcells by 8 barrel (250 μL each) syringe pumps.
Up to 18 reagents can be stored in and sipped from the on board refrigerator.
Reagents are picked using a 24 port selector valve (ports 19-24 are unused).
Chemistry on each flowcell can be performed in parallel since the liquid
handling system is duplicated for each flowcell.

******
Stages
******
The stage is moved in the x direction by a stepper motor with sub micron
precision. In the y direction, the stage is moved by a linear servo motor with a
non-contact high precision linear encoder that provides 10 nm resolution. The
stage can be tilted and moved in the z direction by 3 stepper motors.
Furthermore, the objective can be moved in the z direction by a piezo linear
actuator with 0.2 nm resolution.

*******
Imaging
*******
Samples within flowcells are excited by 2 liquid cooled lasers (532 nm line up
to 2W and 660 nm line up to 1W). Laser powers can be modulated by the laser
control hardware or by optical density filters. Samples are imaged using a 0.75
NA 20X air objective. Emitted light from the samples are filtered (558-32 nm,
610-60 nm, 687-20 nm, and 740-60 nm) and directed to 4 separate liquid cooled
Time Delay Integration line scanning CCD cameras. Each camera consists of 2048
pixels (12 μm x 12 μm) arranged in a line. The field of view is 769 μm x 0.375
μm with an optical resolution of ~ 1 μm in the x and y dimensions, and ~ 7 μm in
the z dimension. Imaging a 1.5 mm x 1.5 mm section and 10 mm x 10 mm section at
15 focal planes is accomplished in about 30 minutes and 120 minutes
respectively.
